=pod

                       ______         _ _                 
                      |___  /        | | |                
                         / /  ___  __| | |     ___   __ _ 
                        / /  / _ \/ _` | |    / _ \ / _` |
                      ./ /__|  __/ (_| | |___| (_) | (_| |
                      \_____/\___|\__,_\_____/\___/ \__, |
                                                     __/ |
                                                    |___/ 


=head1 ZedLog v0.2beta1

ZedLog is a robust cross-platform input logging tool (AKA a key 
logger).  It is based on a flexible data logging system which makes it 
easy to get the required data.  The current features include the 
following;

=over 4

=item * Logging all keyboard and mouse events.

=item * Replay simulation tool.

=item * Logging to file.

=item * Hiding in background.

=back

=head2 Getting Started

ZedLog can be started by running either the C<zedlog.bat> script for Windows or
C<zedlog.sh> for Linux and Mac OSX.

The ZedLog GUI is fairly intuitive but there is also full usage doc-
umentation under the help menu (or just press F1).

=head2 Cross-Platform

ZedLog is implemented completely in Java and is therefore cross-platform.  
Most PC platforms (Windows, Linux and Max OS) are supported, only 
limited by the L<JNativeHook|https://code.google.com/p/jnativehook/> 
library which provides the native mouse and keyboard support.

=head2 Development

If you are a Java developer (or maybe a user who wants to help with 
documentation or something) and want help out with the development just
send me an email (below).  Any help would be greatly appreciated.

=head2 Author

 Zachary Scott <zscott.dev@gmail.com>

=head2 License

Copyright (C) 2013  Zachary Scott <zscott.dev@gmail.com>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see the license 
L<wiki page|https://github.com/zscott92/zedlog/wiki/COPYING---GPL>.

=cut
